Yeah that's been one of the things that I really loved is that
We kind of learned so many things about it's not
Just the physical practice and there's so much more
I was expecting to come in and learn yoga and meditation, but
It was like really truly learning what yoga was
And there's not like something that I haven't taken into my real life
And I feel like the decisions that I've been making recently
Have been like the right decisions and I've been learning to trust my intuition more
I'm able to just stay in a better frame of mind
In the way that I approach people and having more compassion
How to take things and just enjoy life and every moment
I think that I really learned to kind of listen to my inner voice more
Than the things that are around me and kind of conditioned me
Love yourself. It's ok not to be perfect
And that's something that I was working on coming into this for a few months
But being here and everything that I learned really solidified that
Also being more patient with myself
And how the bad things are actually good things because
You learn from them and there's lessons in every second of your life
You really get to understand how powerful what you're doing in here really is
I mean yoga can be like this one thing that everybody benefits from
People say yoga and it's like anyone can do yoga
You just do it the right way for you
With yoga you can give somebody an experience
And at the end of class when they open up their eyes
You can tell that you've impacted them and
That they feel good at the end and you see that you've made that impact
So that's a great feeling too of knowing that I have this now forever
Everything I've learned I've been able to use it
Outside and be able to share that with others too
And just it's made my life so much better in every way